Update RELEASES.md for 1.41.0 (#67928)
rust-lang/rust: RELEASES.md

Version 1.41.0 (2020-01-30)
===========================

Language
--------

- [You can now pass type parameters to foreign items when implementing
  traits.][65879] E.g. You can now write `impl<T> From<Foo> for Vec<T> {}`.

> - [You can now use any receiver in the `self` position.][64325] E.g. you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [You can now arbitrarily nest receiver types in the `self` position.][64325] E.g. you can
```

  now write `fn foo(self: Box<Box<Self>>) {}`. Previously only `Self`, `&Self`,
  `&mut Self`, `Arc<Self>`, `Rc<Self>`, and `Box<Self>` were allowed.
- [You can now use any valid identifier in a `format_args` macro.][66847]
  Previously this was a strict subset.

> - [You can now use `!`/"Never type" in any type position.][65355]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
twas reverted... again :(

Compiler
--------

- [Rustc's parser now allows visibility in trait items and enum variants.][66183]
  These are still rejected when compiled, however they can be seen and parsed

>   by procedural macros.

Reviewer: This is a language change, move it up.

> - [Rustc will now warn if you have unused `'loop` labels.][66325]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Rustc will now warn if you have unused loop `'label`s.][66325]
```

- [Removed support for the `i686-unknown-dragonfly` target.][67255]
- [Added tier 3 support\* for the `riscv64gc-unknown-linux-gnu` target.][66661]
- [You can now pass an arguments file passing the `@path` syntax

>   to rustc.][66172]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  to rustc.][66172]
    Note that the format differs somewhat from what is found in other tooling; see [docs](https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/rustc/command-line-arguments.html#path-load-command-line-flags-from-a-path) for more information.
```

(Basically I would like there to be a link to the docs here, but I don't care too much how we accomplish that).

- [You can now provide `--extern` flag without a path, indicating that it is
  available from the search path or specified with an `-L` flag.][64882]

\* Refer to Rust's [platform support page][forge-platform-support] for more
information on Rust's tiered platform support.

Libraries
---------

> - [The `core::panic` module is now stable.][66771] This was already stable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The `core::panic` module is now stable.][66771] It was already stable
```

  width.][66277] E.g. `NonZeroU16` now implements `From<NonZeroU8>`.
- [`MaybeUninit<T>` now implements `fmt::Debug`.][65013]

Stabilized APIs
---------------

- [`Result::map_or`]
- [`Result::map_or_else`]
- [`std::rc::Weak::weak_count`]
- [`std::rc::Weak::strong_count`]
- [`std::sync::Weak::weak_count`]
- [`std::sync::Weak::strong_count`]

Cargo
-----

- [Cargo will now document all the private items for binary crates
  by default.][cargo/7593]
- [`cargo-install` will now reinstall the package if it detects that it is out
  of date.][cargo/7560]
- [Cargo.lock now uses a more git friendly format that should help to reduce
  merge conflicts.][cargo/7579]
- [You can now override specific dependencies's build settings][cargo/7591] E.g.
  `[profile.dev.overrides.image] opt-level = 2` sets the `image` crate's
  optimisation level to `2` for debug builds. You can also use
  `[profile.<profile>.build_overrides]` to override build scripts and
  their dependencies.

Misc
----

- [You can now specify `edition` in documentation code blocks to only test code
  for that edition.][66238] E.g. `edition2018` will only test code when compiled

>   with the 2018 edition.

Reviewer 2: Hm, did we really stabilize that? I would expect `edition2018` to *compile* with the 2018 edition, not arbitrarily ignore tests depending on the "global" edition rustdoc is using?

Author: PRs linked mention testing. I haven't verified if it's one way or the other.

Reviewer 2: Per https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/rustdoc/documentation-tests.html, "edition2018 tells rustdoc that the code sample should be compiled the 2018 edition of Rust. Similarly, you can specify edition2015 to compile the code with the 2015 edition." -- I believe I'm correct, this tests the code in 2018 edition regardless of `--edition` passed to rustdoc itself (i.e., your doc tests can have a different edition from the crate they're in).

Version 1.41.0 (2020-01-30)
===========================

Language
--------

- [You can now pass type parameters to foreign items when implementing
  traits.][65879] E.g. You can now write `impl<T> From<Foo> for Vec<T> {}`.
- [You can now arbitrarily nest receiver types in the `self` position.][64325] E.g. you can
  now write `fn foo(self: Box<Box<Self>>) {}`. Previously only `Self`, `&Self`,
  `&mut Self`, `Arc<Self>`, `Rc<Self>`, and `Box<Self>` were allowed.
- [You can now use any valid identifier in a `format_args` macro.][66847]

>   Previously this was a strict subset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Previously identifiers starting with an underscore were not allowed.
```

> - [Rustc's parser now allows visibility items (e.g. `pub`) in trait items and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Visibility modifiers (e.g. `pub`) are now syntactically allowed on trait items and
```

>   enum variants.][66183] These are still rejected when compiled, however they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enum variants.][66183] These are still rejected semantically, but
```

>   can be seen and parsed by procedural macros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  can be seen and parsed by procedural macros and conditional compilation.
```

Stabilized APIs
---------------

- [`Result::map_or`]
- [`Result::map_or_else`]
- [`std::rc::Weak::weak_count`]
- [`std::rc::Weak::strong_count`]
- [`std::sync::Weak::weak_count`]
- [`std::sync::Weak::strong_count`]

Cargo
-----

- [Cargo will now document all the private items for binary crates
  by default.][cargo/7593]
- [`cargo-install` will now reinstall the package if it detects that it is out
  of date.][cargo/7560]
- [Cargo.lock now uses a more git friendly format that should help to reduce
  merge conflicts.][cargo/7579]
- [You can now override specific dependencies's build settings][cargo/7591] E.g.
  `[profile.dev.overrides.image] opt-level = 2` sets the `image` crate's
  optimisation level to `2` for debug builds. You can also use
  `[profile.<profile>.build_overrides]` to override build scripts and
  their dependencies.

Misc
----

- [You can now specify `edition` in documentation code blocks to only test code
  for that edition.][66238] E.g. `edition2018` will only test code when compiled
  with the 2018 edition.

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

- [Derive helper attributes for foreign derives no longer see or use other

>   derive's helper attributes.][64694]

Reviewer 4: This description doesn't match what #64694 does.
Together with https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/66529 the new behavior should be fully backward compatible with the old one, so this note should probably be just removed.

Author: I was pretty confused why it marked `relates` good to know.

- [`std::rc::Weak::weak_count`]
- [`std::rc::Weak::strong_count`]
- [`std::sync::Weak::weak_count`]
- [`std::sync::Weak::strong_count`]

Cargo
-----

- [Cargo will now document all the private items for binary crates
  by default.][cargo/7593]
- [`cargo-install` will now reinstall the package if it detects that it is out
  of date.][cargo/7560]
- [Cargo.lock now uses a more git friendly format that should help to reduce
  merge conflicts.][cargo/7579]
- [You can now override specific dependencies's build settings][cargo/7591] E.g.
  `[profile.dev.overrides.image] opt-level = 2` sets the `image` crate's
  optimisation level to `2` for debug builds. You can also use
  `[profile.<profile>.build_overrides]` to override build scripts and
  their dependencies.

Misc
----

- [You can now specify `edition` in documentation code blocks to compile the block
  for that edition.][66238] E.g. `edition2018` tells rustdoc that the code sample
  should be compiled the 2018 edition of Rust.
- [You can now provide custom themes to rustdoc with `--theme`, and check the
  current theme with `--check-theme`.][54733]
- [You can use `#[doc(cfg(item))]` to document that a item is only available with

>   certain features.][61351]

Reviewer 5: It's actually only `#[cfg(doc)]` that was stabilized in the end. `#[doc(cfg(item))]` is still unstable.

`#[cfg(doc)]` is enabled in rustdoc when building documentation and finding doctests.
